# BechdelTest_EDA
The location of the dataset is in this link, https://data.world/carolee/women-in-movies/workspace/file?filename=movies.csv. I was interested in exploring the dataset in the areas of movies. I searched initially for the dataset which explores in the topic of movies. The data can be downloaded for free and it was available in the website of “data-world” which is famous for free datasets. As this dataset is free and the website is legal, downloading of this dataset doesn’t require any legal permissions. This dataset contains about 1794 rows and 15 columns and the dataset occupies almost 205KB. I have understood this dataset as it deals with a social problem called Bechdel Test. Bechdel test talks about the importance of female characters in the movies from the years 1970 to 2013. My hypothesis based on this dataset is that, I'll be seeing at least 50 percent of the movie which will pass this Bechdel test. I'll also assume that at least 80 percent of the movies will pass one of the three tests of Bechdel test.  I want to change my third proposal to does the budget differ due to the importance of female characters. And, the third hypothesis, I believe the budget is lesser for the movie which passes all the three tests I have been a movie buff since I was young and I have seen the characterization of various actors and actress and I wanted to do analysis related to movies.  The links about this test are https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/the-dollar-and-cents-case-against-hollywoods-exclusion-of-women/,  
